Jehovah loves children,
and he has shown this by providing help
and guidance for them down to our day.
For example, at the 1978
“Victorious Faith” International Convention,
this release entitled
My Book of Bible Stories
was soon treasured
by young ones around the world.
Over the years,
it’s helped millions to come to love Jehovah
and become his faithful worshippers.
The story that always meant
a lot to me was that of Samson,
especially the images
that we had in the My Book of Bible Stories.
They were so vivid
—to see the strength that Jehovah gave him
and the way he supported him.
But at the same time,
the story always carried
that if you weren’t obedient to Jehovah,
you lost that blessing and that strength.
So I think that as a young one
growing up in the truth
—especially when you went to school
and you had to stand out and be different—
to remember that Jehovah could support you
and give you that kind
of extraordinary strength.
It gave you the power
that you needed to make that stand.
Even earlier,
The Watchtower began a series of articles
that became the basis for the book
Listening to the Great Teacher.
And later,
that was rewritten and reillustrated
to become Learn From the Great Teacher.
It tells us what kind
of qualities a friend should have.
I like chapter 35 called
“We Can Wake Up From Death!”
because I used to be afraid,
and now I know
that Jesus will resurrect us
no matter what,
and so I’m not afraid anymore.
In 2006,
the Awake! magazine started including
numerous activities and puzzles
for children of various ages;
jw.org expanded on this content
to include over 40 Bible-character cards,
illustrated Bible stories,
games, coloring activities,
and two series entitled
“My Bible Lessons” for younger children
and “Teach Your Children”
for those slightly older.
And who can forget
the Become Jehovah’s Friend video series
with Caleb and Sophia?
The videos help me to be bold for Jehovah.
There’s this little booklet/magazine
called My Bible Lessons
that I remember when I was younger
—things to be thankful about,
like the Paradise
and what Jehovah gave us and friends.
But what has Jehovah
provided for tweens and teens?
In the early ‘70’s,
articles were written
to help those in this age group
to cope with the challenges
of becoming an adult.
These later became
the basis for the books
Your Youth
—Getting the Best out of It
and, more recently,
Questions Young People Ask
—Answers That Work.
Add to that
the ever-expanding online content,
such as Answers to 10 Questions
Young People Ask,
the video series What Your Peers Say,
as well as whiteboard animations
and feature-length films
designed to tackle serious
and sometimes emotional subjects.
When I was in middle school,
I used to be bullied, and it was harsh.
Once that video came out,
I mean, I was just amazed!
It felt like Jehovah
was literally talking to me.
Yes, Jehovah loves young ones,
and he continues to express that love
with an abundance of wonderful gifts.
People of all ages,
but especially young ones,
will enjoy this new 240-page book
containing 103 lessons.
The artwork is new
and has been extensively researched,
bringing the Bible to life
and capturing the feelings of those depicted.
Parents will appreciate
that each section starts
with a preview of the key lessons
you can emphasize.
Each lesson includes review questions
and a caption scripture that summarizes it.
For example, the caption scripture
for the lesson “Hannah Prays for a Son”
is Matthew 7:7:
“Keep on asking,
and it will be given you;
keep on seeking,
and you will find.”
This scripture serves
as the main theme of this account,
allowing you to help your child
focus on the key lesson of the story.
Our hope is that all ages
will enjoy this gift
from our loving Father, Jehovah,
as we all discover new lessons
we can learn from the Bible.